TOPIC Understanding Servers:
A browser speaks to the server through http to request documents.  There are two types of classifications of responses that a server will do.  Static and Dynamic.  Static is pre written files images that the server will return.  Dynamic requests are responses built on the fly by a program called web applications that is running.  Most content online is dynamic today.  Web application is a program that generates content that a browser requests (ex. Facebook page, blog pages, and google search results). Two commonly used methods for a request-response between a client and server are: GET and POST.  GET -- Requests data from a specified resource.  POST -- Submits data to be processed to a specified resource.

topic Importance of Validating Input:
Web applications are notorious for taking practically any type of input, assuming that it's valid, and processing it further. Not validating input is one of the greatest mistakes that Web-application developers can make. This can lead to system crashes, malicious database manipulation, and even database corruption. Web applications must filter incoming data. The applications must check and ensure that the data being entered fits within the parameters of what the application is expecting. If the data doesn't match, the application should generate an error and not permit the data to be entered. The first input validation of the form should be matched up with an input validation within the application to ensure that the input parameter meets the requirement. Verify the user's input. When you get an input error, render form again.  Should always include an error message.

ToPiC HTML Templates and Abstraction:
Using HTML templates allows you to keep your HTML code separate from your Python code which keeps your code clean.  Templates allow you to make more readable, organized code which can benefit you when you come back to read code or have multiple coders making updates to the project. HTML templates are easy to modify versus manipulating strings in Python. Jinja2 is the HTML template used for this project.
